README.md, before:

# Habitat Workstation

Cookbooks and Packer config to create a workstation for use during Habitat training.

## Current Amazon Machine Image IDs

* Introduction to Habitat Workstation - CentOS 7
  * ami-85720c92
* Introduction to Habitat Workstation - Ubuntu 14.04
  * ami-860c7591

## Build the Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)

`$ packer build packer/centos-7.json`

or

`$ packer build packer/ubuntu-1404.json`

## Share the AMIs with other Amazon accounts

```bash
$ export AMI_ID=the_ami_id_generated_by_packer
$ rake ami:share
```

## Build out Workstations for a Classroom

```bash
$ export AMI_ID=the_ami_id_generated_by_packer
$ build_habitat_workstations.sh [number] [name] [department] [contact] [project] [termination-date]
```

e.g.
```bash
$ export AMI_ID=the_ami_id_generated_by_packer
$ build_habitat_workstations.sh 20 "Surge Conf 2016" "Community Engineering" "Nathen Harvey" "Surge" "2016-09-23"
```

## List Workstations for a Classroom

```
$ export AMI_ID=the_ami_id_generated_by_packer
$ show_running_instances.sh
```

Commit message:

AMIs with and without habitat installed ready
* Habitat 0.10.2
* Add ami id's for the 6 amis

Signed-off-by: Nathen Harvey <nharvey@chef.io>

README.md, after:

# Habitat Workstation

Cookbooks and Packer config to create a workstation for use during Habitat training.

## Current Amazon Machine Image IDs

Name|AMI ID
----|-----
Introduction to Habitat Workstation - CentOS 7|ami-bf3f7fa8
Introduction to Habitat Workstation - Ubuntu 14.04|ami-a62c6cb1
Introduction to Habitat Workstation - Ubuntu 16.04|ami-033d7d14
Habitat Workstation - CentOS 7 - with hab 0.10.2 installed|ami-e03c7cf7
Habitat Workstation - Ubuntu 14.04 - with hab 0.10.2 installed|ami-02357515
Habitat Workstation - Ubuntu 16.04 - with hab 0.10.2 installed|ami-163b7b01

## Build the Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)

### Without Habitat installed

`$ packer build packer/centos-7.json`
`$ packer build packer/ubuntu-1404.json`
`$ packer build packer/ubuntu-1604.json`

### With Habitat installed

The latest version of Habitat will be installed.  The version number should be specified in the AMI name.  The template expects a `hab_version` variable is set.

You can set this manually using the commands below, assuming the latest version is 0.10.2.

`$ packer build -var "hab_version=0.10.2" packer/centos-7-hab-installed.json`
`$ packer build -var "hab_version=0.10.2" packer/ubuntu-1404-hab-installed.json`
`$ packer build -var "hab_version=0.10.2" packer/ubuntu-1604-hab-installed.json`

If you have the latest version of Habitat installed, you can use these commands instead.

`$ packer build -var "hab_version=$(hab --version | cut -d "/" -f1)" packer/centos-7-hab-installed.json`
`$ packer build -var "hab_version=$(hab --version | cut -d "/" -f1)"  packer/ubuntu-1404-hab-installed.json`
`$ packer build -var "hab_version=$(hab --version | cut -d "/" -f1)"  packer/ubuntu-1604-hab-installed.json`

## Share the AMIs with other Amazon accounts

```bash
$ export AMI_ID=the_ami_id_generated_by_packer
$ rake ami:share
```

## Build out Workstations for a Classroom

```bash
$ export AMI_ID=the_ami_id_generated_by_packer
$ build_habitat_workstations.sh [number] [name] [department] [contact] [project] [termination-date]
```

e.g.
```bash
$ export AMI_ID=the_ami_id_generated_by_packer
$ build_habitat_workstations.sh 20 "Surge Conf 2016" "Community Engineering" "Nathen Harvey" "Surge" "2016-09-23"
```

## List Workstations for a Classroom

```
$ export AMI_ID=the_ami_id_generated_by_packer
$ show_running_instances.sh
```
